W 11019912 - Update Mule upgrade tool docs (#2201)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/mule-upgrade-tool.adoc

To upgrade your Mule instance to the latest version:

. Navigate to the Mule upgrade tool directory.

> . Run the `upgrade -n` subcommand specifying as an argument the directory where the latest Mule distribution is downloaded and unpacked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the `upgrade -n` subcommand, specifying as an argument the directory where the latest Mule distribution is downloaded and unpacked:
```

When the Mule upgrade tool detects changes in the _new_ Mule distribution configuration files, the tool performs the following actions:

> * Fails the execution of the `upgrade` subcommand showing an error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fails the execution of the `upgrade` subcommand, showing an error message
```

|===

== Troubleshooting Common Errors

> The following are some of the most common error messages from the upgrade tool, including the error description and a proposed solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are some of the most common error messages from the upgrade tool and include the error description and a proposed solution.
```

Reviewer: so that it reads like this: "The following are ... and include" vs. "The following are ..., including".

=== Missing required subcommand

----
./upgrade-tool

Mule Runtime Upgrade Tool
─────────────────────────

Missing required subcommand
Usage: upgrade-tool [-hV] [COMMAND]
Try 'upgrade-tool --help' for more information.
----

==== Cause

> This error shows when the specified subcommand is either missing or unknown. The only supported subcommands are: `upgrade`, `rollback`, or `status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that the specified subcommand is either missing or unknown. The only supported subcommands are `upgrade`, `rollback`, or `status`.
```

==== Solution

Ensure you are running the `upgrade-tool` command and specifying any of the supported subcommands: `upgrade`, `rollback`, or `status`.

The `-h` or `--help` options enable you to get additional details for a certain subcommand, for example:

----
$ ./upgrade-tool rollback --help
----

=== Missing required option

----
./upgrade-tool upgrade

Mule Runtime Upgrade Tool
─────────────────────────

Missing required option: '--new-mule-distro=<newMuleDistro>'
Usage: upgrade-tool upgrade [-dfh] -n=<newMuleDistro> [-o=<oldMuleDistro>]
Try 'upgrade-tool upgrade --help' for more information.
----

==== Cause

> This error shows when the chosen subcommand needs more arguments. For example, when trying to upgrade, the argument  `--new-mule-distro` is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that the chosen subcommand needs more arguments. For example, when upgrading, the argument  `--new-mule-distro` is required.
```

  -n, --new-mule-distro=<newMuleDistro>
                  File path of the newer Mule Runtime distribution used for the
                    upgrade
  -o, --old-mule-distro=<oldMuleDistro>
                  File path of Mule Runtime distribution to upgrade
----

The `Usage:` line specifies which options and arguments are optional by enclosing them in square brackets (`[`,`]`). Options and arguments without square brackets are mandatory.

=== No space left on device

----
$ cd /opt/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211026/tools
$ ./upgrade-tool upgrade -n /tmp/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211104

Mule Runtime Upgrade Tool
─────────────────────────

INFO: Initiating upgrade process...
INFO: Upgrading distribution at path [/opt/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211026] with version: [4.4.0-20211104] to distribution at path [/tmp/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211104] with version [4.4.0-20211104] ...
ERROR: Version of new Mule distribution 4.4.0-20211104 should be newer than old Mule distribution: 4.4.0-20211104
ERROR: There's not enough disk space for performing the upgrade.
ERROR: No space left on device
No space left on device
----

==== Cause

> This error shows when there is no available disk space to run the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that there is no available disk space to run the upgrade.
```

Reviewer: or something like "occurs when" is also an option here

==== Solution

> The tool requires at least 2GiB of space available in the file-system in which the Mule instance is running, ensure that your system has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool requires at least 2GiB of space available in the file system in which the Mule instance is running. Ensure that your system has
```

enough disk space available and that any other requirements are met.

On Linux environments, use the `df` command to check available disk space:

----
$ df -h /opt
Filesystem              Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/dev/mapper/vg-opt      419G  205G  193G  52% /opt
----

=== Version should be newer

----
./upgrade-tool upgrade -n /tmp/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211104

Mule Runtime Upgrade Tool
─────────────────────────

INFO: Initiating upgrade process...
INFO: Upgrading distribution at path [/opt/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211026] with version: [4.4.0-20211104] to distribution at path [/tmp/mule-enterprise-standalone-4.4.0-20211104] with version [4.4.0-20211104] ...
ERROR: Version of new Mule distribution 4.4.0-20211104 should be newer than old Mule distribution: 4.4.0-20211104
----

==== Cause

> This error shows when you try to start an upgrade but the current Mule instance and the new Mule distribution are the same version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that the upgrade command specifies the same version for the current Mule instance and the new Mule distribution.
```

==== Solution

> Verify that the downloaded Mule distribution is in a later version than your current Mule instance. If you continue to receive this error message during the upgrade, it means that the current Mule instance is already updated or running the latest available version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the downloaded Mule distribution is a later version than your current Mule instance. If you continue to receive this error message during the upgrade, it means that the current Mule instance is already updated or running the latest available version.
```
